somewhere out there in those mountains
is our next deadly animal I think though
to find it we're gonna be quite a lot of
legwork well this is just wonderful
well that is the droppings of the animal
we're looking for this is quite fresh -
it's still quite sticky oh very strong
smelling oh we're getting closer now
this should be a good outlook got them
yes just down below us whoa look at that
they can certainly move it's incredible
how fast they run over this terrain is
rocky it's uneven very steep but they
just sprint over it must be going I
would have think between 25 and 30 miles
per hour look how close we get
this is extraordinary look at them all
they're just standing there and they're
not at all fussed I guess they kind of
know that on these hillsides they rule
now almost all of the animals that we
feature on deadly 60 a carnivores they
predators they meet but very
occasionally you'll find a herbivore an
animal that feeds on vegetable matter
that's worthy of consideration and I
think the gelada is just such an animal
now looking at the teeth of the gelada
they just seem completely pointless for
me I mean it's got canine teeth that
would equal those of a lion so obviously
they're not being used to munch down
grass they use for a totally different
purpose
you